Language | Annotation | Annotator
--- | --- | ---
bowernnumerals-Adny | unclear | Ezequiel Koile
bowernnumerals-Worr | unclear | Ezequiel Koile
numerals-adam1253-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-agat1236-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-agwa1247-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-akpe1248-1 | decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-akum1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-alag1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-anaa1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-asur1254-1 | parallel | Mamta Kumari
numerals-bada1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bady1239-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bafi1243-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-baga1270-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-baga1272-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bain1261-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-baka1272-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bali1245-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-band1340-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-band1344-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bass1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bati1251-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bayo1255-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bedi1235-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-beez1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bekw1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bekw1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bela1255-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bemb1257-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bete1262-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bidy1244-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-boko1261-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-boky1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bond1246-2 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-boun1243-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-brah1256-1 | parallel (decimal and mixed) | Mamta Kumari
numerals-buam1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bull1247-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-bura1271-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-buuu1244-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-byep1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-came1252-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ceba1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cent2018-1 | quinary AND ? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cerm1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chee1238-1 | quinary AND duodecimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chok1245-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chop1243-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chuk1274-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chum1261-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-chuw1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cici1237-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cind1241-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-como1258-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cros1244-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-cwib1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-delo1240-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-deny1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-diri1252-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-djim1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-dogo1295-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-doya1240-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-dugu1248-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-duma1253-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-duru1249-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-duup1238-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-dyan1251-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-dzaa1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-east2387-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-east2398-2 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ebir1243-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-edei1244-1 | decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-edei1246-1 | decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-eggo1239-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ejag1239-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ekpe1253-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-elem1253-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-elip1238-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-eloy1241-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-enge1239-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-esan1238-1 | decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-esim1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-etul1245-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-fali1264-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-fonn1241-1 | quinary AND quadragesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gata1239-1 | parallel | Mamta Kumari
numerals-gbar1246-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gbay1281-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gbay1287-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gito1238-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gola1255-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gusi1246-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-gusi1247-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-here1253-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-hyam1245-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-idom1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-iged1239-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ikwe1242-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ipul1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jara1263-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jiba1237-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jibu1239-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jita1239-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jola1262-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-jola1263-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kaan1246-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kaan1247-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kaka1264-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kako1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-karo1294-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kasa1248-1 | quinary AND decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kele1257-4 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-khan1278-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-khis1238-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kimb1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kimm1246-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kolb1240-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-koma1266-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-komo1260-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-koon1245-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-koro1304-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-koya1251-1 | parallel (decimal and vigesimal) | Mamta Kumari
numerals-kpas1242-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-krim1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kuan1247-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kuii1252-1 | parallel (decimal and vigesimal) | Mamta Kumari
numerals-kuke1242-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kund1255-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kuri1259-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kute1248-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kuwa1246-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kwaa1262-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kwan1273-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-kwan1276-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lala1264-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lala1265-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lama1275-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-land1256-1 | quaternary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lang1318-1 | quaternary AND vigesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lang1320-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lefa1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lega1250-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-leha1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lele1264-1 | decimal AND quinquagesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-leng1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lenj1248-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lika1243-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lobi1245-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-loka1252-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lozi1239-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-luba1249-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-luba1250-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-luch1239-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lund1266-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-lyel1241-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mach1266-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mada1282-1 | duodecimal AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-maho1248-2 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-makh1262-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mako1251-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-malb1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mali1279-1 | senary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mama1271-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mamb1294-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mamb1296-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mank1251-1 | quinary AND ? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mans1259-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mate1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-maxi1236-1 | quinary AND vigesimal AND quadragesimal  | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mayo1261-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbaa1245-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbal1257-2 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mban1263-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mban1268-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbee1249-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mber1257-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbow1246-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbuk1240-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbul1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbul1260-1 | quinary AND decimal AND trigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbul1262-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mbun1249-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-meng1263-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-meru1245-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-miyo1238-1 | decimal AND quinquagesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mmen1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-moch1256-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mono1270-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mpie1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mpon1254-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mpuo1241-2 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-mush1238-1 | decimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-myen1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nafa1258-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-naki1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nalu1240-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nawu1242-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndal1241-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndam1239-1 | decimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndan1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nden1249-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nden1250-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndog1248-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndoo1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ndut1239-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngba1284-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngba1285-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngel1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngie1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngie1242-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngom1270-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngom1271-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngon1267-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-ngon1269-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nkoy1244-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-noma1260-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-noon1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-noon1243-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nort2770-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nort2774-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nort2775-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nort2780-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nsen1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nuba1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nucl1240-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nucl1379-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nucl1410-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nugu1242-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nupe1254-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyak1260-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyal1250-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyam1275-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyam1276-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyam1277-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyan1305-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyan1307-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyar1245-1 | decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyat1246-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyem1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyol1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyor1244-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nyun1248-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-nzak1247-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-obol1243-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-odua1238-1 | vigesimal AND quadragesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-okpa1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-omba1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-orok1266-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-oroo1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-osos1238-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pala1342-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-palo1243-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pana1293-1 | decimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pape1239-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pare1266-1 | parallel | Mamta Kumari
numerals-peer1241-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-phen1239-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-phui1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pimb1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pong1250-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pula1262-1 | quinary AND decimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-pula1263-1 | quinary AND decimal? | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-punu1239-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-putu1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-resh1242-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-rwaa1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-saaf1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sake1247-2 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-samb1311-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-saxw1241-1 | quinary AND quadragesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-seki1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sere1260-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-shem1239-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sher1258-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-shii1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sici1249-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sima1258-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sira1266-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-somy1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-song1299-2 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-song1303-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2778-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2785-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2787-2 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2795-1 | quinary AND decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2797-1 | quinary AND decimal AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-sout2808-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-subi1246-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-suga1248-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-supy1237-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-taab1238-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tagw1240-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-taro1263-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-teen1242-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-temm1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tete1250-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tief1242-2 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tigo1236-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-timn1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tivv1240-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tong1318-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tong1321-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tswa1255-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tula1252-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tumb1250-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-tuot1238-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-turk1306-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-twen1242-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-usag1244-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-vend1245-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-vili1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-vute1244-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-vwan1235-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wame1240-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wapa1235-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wara1292-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wawa1246-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-west2450-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-west2454-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-west2456-1 | quinary AND quadrasegimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-west2458-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-west2466-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wumb1242-2 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-wush1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-xwel1235-1 | quinary AND quadrasegimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yaka1272-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yala1263-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yamb1252-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yaoo1241-1 | quinary AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yend1241-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yomm1242-1 | ? AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-yuku1243-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-zana1238-1 | ? AND decimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-zand1248-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
numerals-zang1249-1 | quinary AND vigesimal | Enock Appiah Tieku
